Evaluation order of transactions in a block (#355)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

### Behavioral changes

 -  `Block<T>.Mine(long, long, Address, HashDigest<SHA256>?, DateTimeOffset,
    IEnumerable<Transaction<T>>)` became to order `Block<T>.Transactions` by
    their `Id`.  [[#244], [#355]]
 -  `Block<T>.Validate(DateTimeOffset)` became to validate

>     if its `Transactions` are ordered by their `Id`.  [[#244], [#355]]

Reviewer: These changes seems outdated in general.  Need to be updated.

Reviewer: As `Block<T>.Validate()` is an `internal` method, this doesn't have to be logged.

    calling `Swarm<T>.BootstrapAsync()`, `Swarm<T>.PreloadAsync()` and
    `Swarm<T>.StartAsync()`.  [[#353]]
 -  Added `Swarm<T>.BootstrapAsync()` method to connect with seed peers.  [[#353]]

>  -  Added `Block<T>.OrderedTransactions` property to provide transactions ordered in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Added `Block<T>.OrderedTransactions` property to execute transactions in
```

>     the xor computation of `Block<T>.Id` and `Transaction<T>.Id`.  [[#244], [#355]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a deterministic but unpredictable order.  The order is determined by
    both a `Block<T>.Hash` and a `Transaction<T>.Id`, so that signers cannot
    predict the order of transactions in a block before it's mined.
    [[#244], [#355]]
```

 -  `BlockChain<T>.Swap()` became to omit common block finding when `render` is
    `false`.  [[#423]]
 -  `PrivateKey(byte[])` constructor became to check validity.  [[#438]]
 -  `Block<T>.Mine(long, long, Address, HashDigest<SHA256>?, DateTimeOffset,

>     IEnumerable<Transaction<T>>)` became to order `Transaction<T>` by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    IEnumerable<Transaction<T>>)` became to order `Block<T>.Transactions` by
```

 -  Fixed a bug that unnecessarily received all blocks in multiple miner
    situations.  [[#457], [#468]]

[#420]: https://github.com/planetarium/libplanet/pull/420

> [#450]: https://github.com/planetarium/libplanet/pull/450

Reviewer 2: These lines are duplicated
